[Music]
hello I'm Jimmy thank you for watching
what are you looking at something weird
about my face that's because it isn't my
face it's a mask a friend made me a mask
of the bottom half of my face and I have
to say I know I love it I think it's
great these this will make a great gift
for the dummest bank robber in your life
anyway today dr. Anthony foul she
testified before the Senate to warn
senators many of whom are ready to get
going about the dangers of opening the
country too quickly
foul she testified remotely because he's
under quarantine which was fun because
we finally got a chance to see inside
his house and answered a question from
Senator Bernie Sanders are we fearful
that if we don't get our act together as
bad as the situation is now it could
become worse in the fall or winter I
think that a possibility does exist
however and the reason I say that is
that when you talk about will this fires
just disappear and as I accept probably
many times that is just not gonna happen
oh wait until his parents get home
they're gonna be furious
pouchy told the New York Times yesterday
and reopening the country too soon could
lead to needless suffering and death
which i think is trump's new campaign
slogan pouchy and trump seemed to have
opposite views of how to handle this
Trump says we have prevailed on the same
day everyone at the White House was
required to wear a masks so I guess it
just comes down to who you believe the
doctor who's one of the world's leading
experts on infectious disease or our
personal pan president do you really
think this is the right thing for us to
be doing davana but do people think let
him talk
Yvonne Yvonne
it's wrong isn't it but it feels so
right then it's a deal yes we got pizza
the wrong way crust first now he's
eating our country backwards thanks to
president Trump there's a divide now
among party lines about whether or not
we should be staying at home which is
silly because viruses don't care who you
vote for so I'm going to try to
summarize what dr. Fauci said today with
a metaphor think of this lockdown as a
scab a big black scab on our nation's
face it's not pretty in fact it's ugly
it's awful but it's doing an important
job it's healing and containing the
wound the best thing you could do with
scab is be patient
and let it fall off unfortunately there
are some impatient people who want to
dig their tiny orange fingernails into
this cab and rip it off early and eat it
and while that would feel good for like
a second if you rip off scab and the
wound is still bleeding under there you
have to start all over again with a new
scab so what doctor foul she is saying
is the same thing your mother said don't
pick the scab and while our pick tater
and chief continues to Pat himself on
the back and insist the numbers are
going down almost everywhere they are
not NBC News got hold of an unreleased
report from Trump's own pandemic task
force that shows the numbers going way
up in many spots across the country the
virus is surging across the Midwest and
the south this is from a restaurant in
Castle Rock Colorado that decided to
open on Mother's Day despite an order
that bans in house dining throughout the
state you see no one was protecting
themselves I guess if it's moms last
meal you might as well make it delicious
in Clearwater Florida
demonstrators gathered outside a
courthouse to protest the fact that gyms
are closed there are people out there
their preference is to go to a gym and
workout with others and to do classes
and here we see the push-ups looks to me
like they don't need a gym they've got a
perfectly good sidewalk to do push-ups
on and this is interesting at Fox News
which is the little engine behind the
back to work movement they just decided
to keep their offices closed through
June 15 isn't that something Fox News
the ones who are making fun of people
cowering at home is advising its
employees to stay home because
apparently they don't get their news
from fox news so it looks like we'll
have at least another month of judge
Janine smearing her lipstick on like the
Joker
at least to White House staffers have
tested positive for the virus and as
part of increased safety measures there
the President and Vice President will
keep social distance from each other
they decided to separate pence from
Trump because research is Shonen in some
cases the corona virus can be spread by
pets and they don't want the President
to get a trumpet pets are being tested
every day for the virus and I know it's
a small consolation but it does bring me
some joy to know that every morning
those who get a q-tip rammed into their
brains today White House press secretary
Katie Lee makélelé continued to downplay
the importance of testing even though
she gets a test every day and suggested
that there is a simple and better
solution testing is not preventive what
is preventive is wearing this mask that
I am not wearing right now even though
the president says everything is great
he's also desperate to blame the fact
that it isn't on anyone but him his new
thing is Obama gait he doesn't know what
it is but he's going with it Obama gait
he's very mad because Obama said the
government's response to the virus has
been a chaotic disaster and in an
interview with Trump's daughter-in-law
Mitch McConnell the Senate Majority
Leader pretended to be very mad to
President Obama should have kept his
mouth shut you know we know he doesn't
like much this administration is doing
that's understandable
a little bit classless frankly to
critique an administration that comes
after you we don't bomb --is
classless he's joking now right I mean
of all the wildly hypocritical things
anyone has said about anything during
this ordeal the idea that Obama is
classless and shouldn't say bad things
about another president
that might take the cake the tonnage of
terrible things Trump is said about
Obama I'd put them all on screen right
now but no one in the world has a big
enough screen to see all of them the
screen over the field where the Dallas
Cowboys play isn't big enough for all of
them
so he had to be kidding Mitch you dirty
little snapping turtle you got us again
meanwhile this is what Obama's buddy Joe
is up to we're now less than six months
away from the election and the onslaught
of fundraising emails will not let up
team Biden send this one to supporters
with what I hope is not their new
catchphrase show everyone you're riding
with Biden yeah great idea who else
wants to hop in a car with a 77 year old
driver that can't keep his eyes on the
road behind the wheel right in which by
Biden will be the one with his blinker
on the whole way and one more I'm this
is on the subject of working from home
I've noticed that for some reason
meteorologists may be because no one
cares about the weather when you can't
go out are suddenly very involved with
their pets and sometimes those pets make
it difficult for them to do their work
from home Saturday Sun and clouds 53
Sunday partly sunny with some sprinkles
possible late 56 Hey look at that my cat
Charlie just showed up on the table more
cold air three two one cold air
continues across the area tonight
potential for some Frost and freeze for
some of us warm up it's going to take
the maps aren't going to move because he
just whacked the computer with his head
Betty here this is the Lions household
cat seems to be enamored of all the
lights out here three two one maple
shish three two one after a glorious day
across the bi-state area sunday clouds
on the way in add some lingering showers
throughout the day on Wednesday probably
into Thursday as well as a very
slow-moving system comes right across
the state of Michigan and that system
could bring us about an inch of rain
[Applause]
it's a man who has had enough